config: Implement stdoutlog exporter (#5850)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

### Fixed

> - config: Support Console exporter for LoggerProvider (#5432, #5850)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for stdoutlog exporter in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#5850)
```

This also isn't a bugfix, but a new feature. It should be in the `Added` section.
